The digital humanities aims to work through and solve problems that are found in traditional humanities fields by incorporating and integrating today’s new technology.  In today’s digital age, there are a wide variety of tools that are available for people to use within the digital humanities in order to support their work.  Some of the more popular tools to be used today are data visualization, graphing, and mapping tools.  However, as this trend has become increasingly prevalent within the discipline, digital humanists need to remember that their data cannot always be simplified through these tools as there is more information to be found through the interpretation of the data.  This is the argument Drucker makes in her article.
	One of the main arguments that Drucker makes is that there is a distinction between data and capta.  According to Drucker, “capta is ‘taken’ actively while data is assumed to be a ‘given’ able to be recorded and observed” (Drucker, 2011).  What this means is that capta is more complex than regular data, because it also focuses on the context of the data, leaving it more open to interpretation.  Understanding the context and environment that facts are taken from is important in the digital humanities, and the humanities in general, as these details actually gives people more information which will lead to a better, more holistic understanding of what the presented information means and its impact on its field.  The differences between data and capta can be seen through using Voyant, a text analysis visualization tool.  After adding links to various articles into the tool, the key words from every articles are analyzed and compared to each article, as shown in Figure 1.  


